# Compiz 0.8.x

## About this branch

Maintenance branch based on compiz 0.8.8.

### Modest new features

* Commands plugin: specify an arbitrary number of command shortcuts (at build
  time :\ )
* Build scripts / instructions for BLFS and Arch Linux

### Rationale / rant about this branch

Recently one of my distributions of choice (Arch Linux) dropped Compiz,
claiming that the bits were somehow rotting, and that such window managers are
altogether passé.

I don't think either point is a justified criticism of Compiz.  First, note
that there are some recent commits to the 0.8.x line to backport bug fixes.
Second, note that Compiz has many great plugins which focus solely on
**usability**.  I've yet to find an adequate substitute.  When configured
properly, Compiz gives you a window manager that's simple, flexible, and
light-weight.  (And yeah, you can make your windows wobble and a rotating
aquarium appear behind your desktop if you're into that sort of thing.
Looking at you, Xzibit...)


## Building

Run

     ./autogen.sh
	 ./configure
	 make && make install

**Note:** You can control the number of items in the "commands" plugin via a
new configure switch, `--with-num-commands=n`.  The default is 12 (just like
the original).

### Build time dependencies

* intltool
* gconf
* libwnck
* startup-notification
* librsvg
* libgl
* dbus
* glu
* libxslt

**Note** if you build from a release tarball, then you can avoid gconf, which
has a lot of dependencies (including gtk3 x_x).


## Notes

[Original Compiz Readme](./README)
